Update README.md for Studio's first full release (#604)
vaticle/typedb-studio: README.md

[![Stack Overflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/stackoverflow-typedb-796de3.svg)](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/typedb)
[![Stack Overflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/stackoverflow-typeql-3dce8c.svg)](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/typeql)

## TypeDB Studio

[![TypeDB Studio](./images/studio_full_1.png)](./images/studio_full_1.png)

TypeDB Studio is TypeDB's Integrated Development Environment to perform knowledge engineering.

You can utilise Studio like [TypeDB Console](https://docs.vaticle.com/docs/console/console)
and [TypeDB Clients](https://docs.vaticle.com/docs/client-api/overview), to connect to your TypeDB instance and perform
queries.

Whether you need a tool to test and experiment with your newly created TypeDB database, or you prefer a graphical
interface for reading data from TypeDB, Studio is a powerful tool to help you accomplish your task. 

## Download & Install
TypeDB Studio is available for Linux, Mac and Windows. Head over to the 
[releases](https://github.com/vaticle/typedb-studio/releases) page to download and install the latest release of Studio.

> ## Usage

Reviewer: As we're doing a much-needed overhaul of the feature list, let's get it to completeness.

https://github.com/vaticle/typedb-studio/releases/tag/2.10.0-alpha provides a good reference, although it was written as a "diff" between 2.4.0 Alpha and 2.10.0 Alpha, so we need to tweak it slightly. Something like...
```
## Usage
### Manage TypeDB Projects
### Manage Database Schemas
### Run TypeQL Queries
### Graph Visualisation
```
Drilling down a bit further, we need to accurately portray their capabilities:
- Usage: The focus is no longer to make the initial setup "as fast as possible" but more to make the overall experience "as smooth as possible". So I think we should re-word this in full. Play around and see what we get to.
- Other sections: Copy from release notes where possible but take out words like "new" and "now", update anything that's out of date, make any improvements you can think of

Author: I've done this, but keeping the `Reasoning and Explanations` section because I think it's such a strong and interesting feature to have visualisation of.

Reviewer: Good shout!

TypeDB Studio is TypeDB's Integrated Development Environment to perform knowledge engineering.

You can utilise Studio like [TypeDB Console](https://docs.vaticle.com/docs/console/console)
and [TypeDB Clients](https://docs.vaticle.com/docs/client-api/overview), to connect to your TypeDB instance and perform
queries.

Studio is an IDE designed for the end-to-end development of TypeDB databases, database queries, and data exploration, 
via a clean and intuitive UI.

## Download & Install
TypeDB Studio is available for Linux, Mac and Windows. Head over to the 
[releases](https://github.com/vaticle/typedb-studio/releases) page to download and install the latest release of Studio.

## Usage
Upon launching Studio, you'll be asked for your TypeDB server details and to choose or create a database. Studio makes
these choices explicit so that it's always clear what you're working on at any given time.

### Manage TypeDB Projects

After connecting to TypeDB and selecting a database, Studio will prompt you to open (or create) a project directory. 
This is where Studio will load and save query files, but we can also freely edit text files in the project directory 

> using Studio. The project browser maintains a live view of the directory contents on the filesystem, much like other 
> major IDEs do.

Reviewer: minor snip because this was another announcement-style thing
```suggestion
using Studio. The project browser maintains a live view of the directory contents on the filesystem.
```

### Manage Database Schemas
[![Log Output](./images/type_browser_1.png)](./images/type_browser_1.png)

The Type Browser provides a structured tree view of the connected database's type hierarchy. Opening any Type will 
bring up a page that lists in detail its properties - supertype, roles played, attributes owned, etc.

### Run TypeQL Queries
[![Log Output](./images/log_output_1.png)](./images/log_output_1.png)

> Studio sports a fully-featured, performant text editor including all the functionality one would expect from an editor 
> (Undo/Redo, Find/Replace, etc.) It also includes syntax highlighting for TypeQL files (\*.tql). Studio's intuitive and 

Reviewer: This is a valuable section to have for sure, but I'd say let's tune it down to be less salesy:
```suggestion
Studio's text editor comes equipped with rich developer tooling, like syntax highlighting
for TypeQL files (\*.tql), with more advanced features currently under development. Studio's intuitive and 
```

self-explanatory interface enables a rapid, iterative workflow.

TypeDB Studio brings session and transaction configuration to the forefront, providing greater visibility to the user 

> about the state of the system; and crucially, allows for the running of any kind of TypeQL Query - Define, Insert, 
> Match Aggregate, and so on, which was not possible in previous iterations of Studio. The results of these queries are 
> printed to a Log Output window, which also features TypeQL syntax highlighting and fully-featured search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about the state of the system. Studio allows you to run any TypeQL query, pretty-printing results
to the Log Output window which is easily searchable (and supports regex matching.)
```
